Gzip database and exclude (#2346)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV: CHANGELOG.md

* Added improved apt package upgrade routines
* Provisioners now ask to install only packages that aren't installed
* General package handling performance improvements

> * New config to exclude database to backup and to gzip the database dump ( #2346 )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New config to exclude databases from backup in `config.yml` ( #2346 )
* New config to gzip compress database backups in `config.yml` ( #2346 )
```
